<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>


<p>Effective date: May 30, 2019</p>


<p>SDC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the SimpleDiscordCrypt browser extension (the "Service").</p>


<h2>Information Collection And Use</h2>

<p>We do not collect information about you.</p>

<h3>Types of Data Collected</h3>

<h4>Nothing.</h4>

<p>While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data").</p>

<p>Encryption keys which are not personal data and are generated by the Service and shared with other Service users.</p>


<h2>Use of Data</h2>
    
<p>SDC may use the collected data to provide customer care and support</p

<h2>Transfer Of Data</h2>
<p>SDC will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country.</p>


<h2>Security Of Data</h2>
<p>The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.</p>

<h2>Service Providers</h2>
<p>We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.</p>


<h2>Links To Other Sites</h2>
<p>Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.</p>
<p>We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.</p>


<h2>Children's Privacy</h2>
<p>Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").</p>
<p>We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18.</p>


<h2>Changes To This Privacy Policy</h2>
<p>We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.</p>
<p>You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.</p>


<h2>Contact Us</h2>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us: https://gitlab.com/An0/SimpleDiscordCrypt/issues</p>